Effective Volto (#630)
plone/training: docs/effective-volto/addons/use-repo-addon.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:

>     "description": "Configure a non-released add-on from an existing repository"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "description": "Configure an unreleased add-on from an existing repository"
```

>     "property=og:description": "Configure a non-released add-on from an existing repository"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "property=og:description": "Configure an unreleased add-on from an existing repository"
```

>     "property=og:title":  "Configure a non-released add-on from an existing repository"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "property=og:title":  "Configure an unreleased add-on from an existing repository"
```

    "keywords": "Volto, Plone, Volto add-on"
---

> # Configure a non-released add-on from an existing repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configure an unreleased add-on from an existing repository
```
